Initial draft (#407)
swan-io/docs: changelog/coming-up.mdx

  <div>

⚠️ Starting **October 1st**, we're removing the `paymentId` field from the `initiateSepaDirectDebitMerchantPayment` mutation. 
Instead, retrieve the ID from the `merchantPayment` field, which now returns the Merchant Payment object.

📖 Starting **October 9th**, the new **[Verification of Payee](https://docs.swan.io/topics/payments/credit-transfers/sepa/verification-of-payee/)** regulation takes effect.

> ⚠️ Starting **October 31st**, the `taxIdentificationNumber` will be mandatory at onboarding when the `accountCountry` and the account holder's residency address country don't match, due to [CRS regulation](https://www.oecd.org/content/dam/oecd/en/topics/policy-issue-focus/aeoi/jersey-guidance-notes-crs.pdf) requirements.

Reviewer: Same edit as above.

> ⚠️ Starting **October 31st**, the `taxIdentificationNumber` will be mandatory at onboarding when the `accountCountry` and the account holder's residency address country don't match, due to [CRS regulation](https://www.oecd.org/content/dam/oecd/en/topics/policy-issue-focus/aeoi/jersey-guidance-notes-crs.pdf) requirements.

Author: ```suggestion
⚠️ Starting **October 31, 2025**, the `taxIdentificationNumber` will be a mandatory field at onboarding when an account holder's residency country does not match the `accountCountry`. This is to comply with [CRS (Common Reporting Standard) regulations](https://www.oecd.org/content/dam/oecd/en/topics/policy-issue-focus/aeoi/jersey-guidance-notes-crs.pdf).
```
